Welcome to your Online Philadelphia Pointing Span Test.
When you click the continue button, you'll be presented with two practice stimuli.
Don't worry, your results from this section will not be recorded.
It's just to get you comfortable with the format of the test.
Each practice question is an exact replication of what a real question will look like.
Each question will begin with the stimuli, in this case, the numbers being flashed on screen.
Once the last stimulus is presented, the main test screen will appear.
On this screen, you will be presented with tiles containing the stimuli that were presented to you,
along with other miscellaneous stimuli.
You must memorize the stimuli that were presented and click on each
corresponding tile with the goal of ending up with the tiles in sequential order.
Once you're finished with the practice questions, the real test will begin.